[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Just in case you're lost.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm going to change
subjects now.
There's a couple subjects.
Let me see.
The first one-- I'm
not sure if it's
the first one or the second
one, but the two subjects are--
one of them has to do with
the star Sirius again.
What was so important
about that star?
Why was there was so much
emphasis placed on that one?
And the dolphins, saying
they're coming from there.
And calendars based on it.
All the temples in Egypt were
based on the heliacal rising
of Sirius, so that a little,
tiny dot of red light
would shoot through
little, tiny slits that
would go into the
middle of the buildings
and land on the
center of the Altars
for one second
out of every year.
And all this stuff.
What was the big
deal about this?
What does it matter?
I mean, we need to know why
Sirius is important to us
because it is very important
why we understand that.
And second of all, there's
obviously something going on
in the world right now.
At least it's obvious
to a lot of people.
Some people-- maybe not.
This is just normal
what's going on here.
But this is not normal, what's
happening here, in 1992.
This is really extraordinary.
And in so many ways,
you can see this.
I mean, there's more people
on the surface of the earth
than there's ever been
and it's about to double.
We're about to go from 5.5
billion to 11 billion people
here real quickly.
And there's a lot of things
that are doubling right now.
Every few years now,
one of them that I
like use because it's so
clear is knowledge itself,
understanding.
There's people who
have done this.
If you take all the
information we've
learned from the beginning--
say, the Sumerian culture,
6,000 years ago--
to the year 1950,
we had so many bits
of information.
There was so much, basically,
that we had learned.
You could put it
into the computer
and you could count it.
But starting in
the early 1900s--
and I believe it was right
around 1910, 1911, 1912, 1913,
right about in there--
something started happening
that was extraordinary.
And we started becoming a lot
more intelligent a lot faster.
And by the year 1950,
only 50 years later,
in short amount of
time, we had doubled
or matched the
amount of information
that we had learned
in 6,000 years.
So what we had learned
in 6,000 years,
we had doubled that in 50.
It's incredible.
But we doubled all of that
again in 20 years, by 1970.
And then we doubled all of
that again by about 1980.
These are rough dates.
And then we doubled it
all again by about 1985.
And now it's gone so fast
that it's out of control.
[LAUGHTER]
Nobody can get it in
their computers even.
It's coming in like--
[SCREAMING]
Like this.
NASA is about
eight or nine years
behind being able to get what's
coming in off their satellites
and everything into
their computers.
I mean, they just physically
can't get in there.
Until the computers change.
Now the computers are starting
to catch up with our ability
to receive the information.
We're only just a couple
more years away from this.
Now this phenomenon is going to
happen here, in your lifetime.
Just if nothing
else happens, you're
going to see this one happen.
For example, the
286 came out and it
was able to do something.
And then 18 months
later, the 386
came out, which about
doubled its capabilities.
Then 18 months later,
the 486 came out.
And now we're just about
to have the 586 come out,
which will be here in
just a-- it's here now.
They're just about
ready to present
it, which is incredible.
And they say that it's
doubling about every 18 months.
By the end of the century,
seven years from now,
you'll have a PC so powerful
that a little individual
sitting in this room
will have more capability
than all the computers in
the world hooked together,
including all of
NASA's computers,
everything in the
United Nations,
everything in the Pentagon,
and everything else all put
in there.
One little guy will have more
power than that, sitting there,
right now.
It's speed, ability, everything.
And obviously, at
one point here,
the influx of
information coming in
will catch up with our ability
to process the information.
And what that means--
we don't even know yet.
One person will be able
to map what's going on.
For example, one person would be
able to map the entire world's
weather patterns, inch by inch,
on the surface of the earth.
That kind of complexity.
And so there's something, just
on an informational level,
that's obvious.
Something, obviously,
is happening here.
And there's all
kinds of other things
that are changing
very, very rapidly.
The question that I want
to ask is, why is that
happening now, in 1992?
What is it that's
making this happen now?
Why didn't it happen
maybe 1,000 years ago?
Or maybe 10,000 years
into the future?
Or why is it happening at all?
There must be something
that's triggering this,
that's making this happen.
What is it?
And so we want to look
at these two things--
why it's happening now
and the star Sirius.
Why is that star so important?
Well, here we are,
in this third planet,
rotating out in space
around this little star.
As least we think we are.
We're not, but we think we are.
[LAUGHTER]
I'll tell you that later.
It's an illusion.
And almost everything we see out
there is not happening at all
like we think it's happening.
Not even close.
But from within the system where
we are, inside of the earth,
right here, it's really
hard to understand.
Though we have finally
cracked the whole process,
it's very difficult to
understand some of the things
we're about to say.
You could go too far out into
space and at which point,
the human mind is not capable
of really understanding it.
This is a quasar out
on the furthest edges
of our visible space.
It's so big that a galaxy would
be a pinpoint inside of it.
It breaks all the laws
of energy that we know.
You can throw out the
e equals mc squared.
Just throw it out the window.
It doesn't mean anything.
This is producing
way more energy
than is even possible
by anything we know.
Notice the geometry of the disk
in the middle and the eight
lines that are coming out of it.
This is something
that we're probably
more familiar with-- a galaxy.
This, by the way, is
not part of the galaxy.
This is an exploding
star, a nebula.
And it is probably many,
many, many light years
closer to Earth than this.
This is enormous.
This is just a pinpoint
compared to that.
And if you notice, there
is a spiral of white stars,
coming out like this.
And then 180 degrees
away, on the opposite side
of this sphere of
stars, is another one,
going out like that.
For a long time in astrology,
they thought that what you saw
was what you got
and that was it.
And that was the whole thing.
But recently, they're beginning
to discover certain things.
They've discovered
that the space in here,
this dark space in here,
is somehow not the same
as this dark space out here.
There's a difference about this.
They don't know
what you're going
to learn in this workshop.
If they did, they would begin
to unravel some of these things.
All they know is that,
pragmatically, by the evidence,
that it's different.
They know that it's
different because what
they have discovered is that
these stars are not just
coming out of these arms like a
water hose being slung around,
and the drops going
down in spirals,
and each drop appearing to move
out the spirals-- which is not
what's happening, by the way.
All these drops are moving,
radially, out in a line.
And that is true.
That is what's happening.
These stars are
moving out like that.
There is this expanding
quality to it.
However, there is
another thing going on
and this has been
discovered recently.
And that is that each one of the
stars orbits the whole thing.
So they're not locked
into these arms,
but any particular star is
actually moving in an orbit,
going from white light, into
the dark area, into the white,
back again.
They're going from
arm, to arm, to arm
in an orbit around
the whole thing.
Obviously, these are very,
very, very, very long periods
of time-- hundreds and hundreds
of millions of years for this
to go around.
For any particular star to
leave, you go around one time.
And the reason they
know that this area is
different than this area
up here, the black area,
is that they're finding that
these white light stars--
that's in here where the
death process and the birth
process both take place.
That is, it's inside of there
where the stars blow up.
And when they blow up and
become these nebulas, like this,
they form baby stars.
For each one that blows up,
approximately 200 new stars
are formed out of it.
And so they began to
realize that there
was some kind of
difference in here.
In a little bit, you'll
see that there's really
a white light arm here, another
180-- 90 degrees to that,
there is a black light arm
and another black light arm
coming out like this.
You'll see this later, but not
until we get into geometries.
Well, this rotating
motion that we
have as we go around in
space-- as astrologers began
to study this, they noticed
that our solar system-- our sun
and our planets, which
are moving, as a unit,
through space--
had a motion in it
that isn't possible unless we
were linked, gravitationally,
with another body.
In other words, the earth and
the moon-- here's the earth
and here's the moon.
We tend to think that the
moon rotates around the earth.
That's not true.
It's an illusion.
What does happen is that there's
a place-- approximately one
third away from the earth, a
central point-- and the earth
and the moon rotate
around that central place,
forming a double helical pattern
as it moves around the sun.
So if you were to look
at just the earth,
it doesn't move around the
earth in a smooth motion.
It's corkscrewing
through space, like this.
And the same way with
our entire solar system.
We're corkscrewing
through space.
We can't do that unless
we're linked with something.
And so over time,
they kept checking out
where it is, they kept narrowing
a space, and narrowing a space,
and narrowing a space down,
and narrowing it down.
And about four years ago or so,
they narrowed it down to-- I
guess, maybe earlier
than that even.
I'm not sure when.
They narrowed it
down to three stars.
And just recently, in the
last two or three years
or so, they narrowed it
down to exactly which star
it was that we are linked with.
Of course, what do
you think it is?
>>Sirius.
>>Sirius A. That can't
be serious, right?
[LAUGHTER]
So we're brothers and sisters.
We're linked.
And there is a connection
between Sirius A and our star
that I can only describe--
I'll describe it in a story.
Because we are linked in this
way, the distance between us
is not as great as
you would think.
We're only 90 seconds
away from each other.
That's all it takes with
the proper understanding.
And it is very, very
easy to get from Sirius
A to this solar system
or the other way around.
It's very simple.
And the dolphins, if
you read the stories
of Peter Shenstone-- who
knows Peter Shenstone?
Nobody.
Wow.
Peter Shenstone is the leader
of the dolphin movement
in Australia, who,
very well, may become
President of Australia someday.
There's a real good chance.
He will.
He's loved by almost
everybody there.
There's only 50 million
people in Australia
and they're all kids.
They're all really young
and they like Peter a lot.
[LAUGHTER]
And people in power are
real concerned about him.
And he has been channeling with
the dolphins for a long time.
He channeled a 250 pound
book from the dolphins.
And it weighs so much
because it's made
of these big sheets of acetate.
And it's these
drawings, describing
the history of the
dolphins and whales, which
are drawn on acetate.
And each chapter is
about an inch thick.
And the cover is just
a different color.
So you've got a big
pile of these books
with all these different
colors, but when
you look at the drawings in
them, you see into the acetate.
So as you're moving
the drawings,
it feels like you're moving
through water because you
see these fuzzy things slowly
coming up and getting clearer
and clearer.
It's really kind of neat.
The whole concept
is really neat.
They're making a movie
of it now in Australia.
It's called "The Legend
of the Golden Dolphin."
And this legend describes how
they were in another galaxy,
totally outside of the
one we're in right now.
And a long, long, long time
ago, they had to leave.
And it was the golden dolphin.
When the dolphin is
baby and it's born,
it has a golden
hair all over it.
And so it was the baby
dolphin that led them out.
Let me go over here now.
It led them out of the other
galaxy and into this one
because they had to leave there
because the water was freezing
over where they were.
And they went to
Sirius A, according
to the legend of this book.
And they stayed
there for a long time
until they found the
tunnel that led to here.
And then they came to
here and they obviously
came to this planet
because it has water on it.
Otherwise, they would have gone
to Venus or somewhere else.
But they came here
and so there is
this connection between
earth and the other one.
It's actually the third planet
from Sirius B, which is the one
that they inhabit over there.
So we see why there's this
importance to the ancients
and everything else.
Even though that
star is so far away
in normal ways of
thinking, we're linked.
We're one with it.
It's like the
earth and the moon.
We're linked together.
And that's fact.
That's not just
somebody saying it.
That's astrology-- astronomy.
Sorry.
Now this is just
showing the galaxy flat.
This is the edge, which
looks like a flying saucer.
And this is the kind
of motion we're making,
this little, spring-like
motion, as we move around
from one arm to the next.
If you were to look at
it from the edge-wise,
it would just look like a
spring going back and forth.
It would be just like a
sign for a [INAUDIBLE].
I know you guys
aren't going to be
able to see this one very well
because this light is so bad.
Maybe you can, kind
of, from the front.
But you guys, over here,
can't see anything.
[LAUGHTER]
There's a purple grid
all over that thing.
I know you can't see it.
But this is the
galaxy, right here.
What they've now
discovered is that there's
a sphere of energy
around the galaxy.
And that inside of
that sphere, there's
a disk, a little sphere in the
middle, a larger sphere that
goes around that, and
then a lot of loose stars.
But they're all
inside the diameter
of a very specific
sphere of energy.
And then outside that
is another sphere.
An enormous one.
So you have a little sphere,
a little bit bigger sphere,
and another sphere.
There's three spheres involved
in the construction of it.
The more you study this
meditation, the more you
look at it on atomic
and cosmic levels,
you'll see the same
process of the meditation
itself is repeated in
nature in all kinds of ways.
And just remember this
little sphere in the center,
and this big one here, and
this other one out here
because you're going to see
those again a little later.
And this is the heat envelope.
This is the infrared
photograph of a galaxy
that's kind of coming
down at us, like this.
It's kind of coming at
an angle down, like that.
So it's got a ring around here.
And do you notice this black
ring that goes around there?
It's cooler than the other one,
but it's also moving very fast.
And that's the
fastest moving part,
so that's what's
on the outer edge.
If you look at someone that has
a Merkaba rotating around them,
you'll notice that they have
a black ring around them
out at about 55 feet
out because that Merkaba
is rotating about 9/10ths
the speed of light.
And it tends to make the
outer edges of it turn black.
Really, you'll see this
black ring around a person,
way out there.
And then the colors
will come in from there.
But the shape of
this heat envelope,
which looks like
a flying saucer,
is precisely the dimensions and
shape of the Merkaba around you
when you do a particular
thing with your breathing,
and your patterns, and your
thoughts, and your feelings all
combined in this particular way.
This shape is what will
come up around your body.